README.md, before:

# Node package for PageDown Editor

The original [PageDown](http://code.google.com/p/pagedown/) repo only packages
server-side code in its [Node module](https://www.npmjs.org/package/pagedown).
This package also packages the editor, intended to be used along with
[Browserify](http://browserify.org/).

## Installation

``` sh
$ npm install -g browserify
$ npm install pagedown-editor
```

## Usage

In some file, say, `foo.js`, create an entry point to the editor:

``` js
var editor = require("pagedown-editor");

function getPagedownEditor() {
    return editor.getPagedownEditor();
}

global.window.getPagedownEditor = getPagedownEditor;
```

Then, during build time, browserify that file and copy the buttons and the
stylesheet:

``` sh
$ browserify foo.js -o bundle.js
$ cp node_modules/pagedown-editor/wmd-buttons.png static/
$ cp node_modules/pagedown-editor/pagedown.css static/
```

Finally, use the bundle like this in your html:

``` html
<!-- among headers, instead of Markdown.*.js, include your bundle: -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/static/pagedown.css">
<script type="text/javascript" src="/static/bundle.js"></script>

<!-- ...
    Then at the end of body, invoke the editor with this one-liner: -->
<script type="text/javascript">
(function () {
     getPagedownEditor().run();
     })();
</script>
```

For your convenience there's a [sample.html](sample.html) with all of the above
in one place (but note that to have it working in your browser, you will need to
adjust the paths to the css, js bundle and image buttons in pagedow.css).

## License

MIT license, see [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt).

Commit message:

Update README to reflect the changes in sample

README.md, after:

# Node package for PageDown Editor

The original [PageDown](http://code.google.com/p/pagedown/) repo only packages
server-side code in its [Node module](https://www.npmjs.org/package/pagedown).
This package also packages the editor, intended to be used along with
[Browserify](http://browserify.org/).

## Installation

``` sh
$ npm install -g browserify
$ npm install pagedown-editor
```

## Usage

In some file, say, [sample.js](sample.js), create an entry point to the editor:

``` js
var editor = require("pagedown-editor");

function getPagedownEditor() {
    return editor.getPagedownEditor();
}

global.window.getPagedownEditor = getPagedownEditor;
```

Then, during build time, browserify that file and copy the buttons and the
stylesheet:

``` sh
$ browserify sample.js -o bundle.js
$ cp node_modules/pagedown-editor/wmd-buttons.png static/
$ cp node_modules/pagedown-editor/pagedown.css static/
```

Finally, use the bundle like this in your html:

``` html
<!-- among headers, instead of Markdown.*.js, include your bundle: -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/static/pagedown.css">
<script type="text/javascript" src="/static/bundle.js"></script>

<!-- ...
    Then at the end of body, invoke the editor with this one-liner: -->
<script type="text/javascript">
(function () {
     getPagedownEditor().run();
     })();
</script>
```

For your convenience there's a [sample.html](sample.html) with all of the above
in one place. After installation it will work out of the box from within your
`node_modules` directory, just direct your browser to `file:///<path
to>/node_modules/pagedown-editor/sample.html`.

## License

MIT license, see [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt).
